tapi/Readme.md, before:

# TAPI

TAPI is a **T**ext-based **A**pplication **P**rogramming **I**nterface. It
replaces the Mach-O Dynamic Library Stub files in Apple's SDKs to reduce the SDK
size even further.

The text-based dynamic library stub file format (.tbd) is a human readable and
editable YAML text file. The _TAPI_ projects uses the _LLVM_ YAML parser to read
those files and provides this functionality to the linker as a dynamic library.


## Building TAPI

*   Create a source directory <src_dir>.
*   Clone the **LLVM** source code for the `swift-4.2-branch` from
    [GitHub Apple/swift-llvm](https://github.com/apple/swift-llvm) into the
    <src_dir>/llvm directory.

    `git clone git@github.com:apple/swift-llvm.git llvm -b swift-4.2-branch`

*   Clone the **CLANG** source code for the `swift-4.2-branch` from
    [GitHub Apple/swift-clang](https://github.com/apple/swift-clang) into the
    <src_dir>/clang directory.

    `git clone git@github.com:apple/swift-clang.git clang -b swift-4.2-branch`

*   Place the content of this tar archive into the <src_dir>/tapi directory.

*   Create a separate build directory and configure the project with CMake:
    ```
    cmake -G Ninja -C <src_dir>/tapi/cmake/caches/apple-tapi.cmake
          -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<install_dir> <src_dir>/llvm
    ```

*   The CMake cache file defines most of the settings for you, such as enabling
    LTO. It also specifies the distribution components to include all the
    targets needed for TAPI.

*   To build and install the **TAPI** project invoke:
    ```
    ninja install-distribution
    ```
    in the build directory.

Commit message:

[tapi] Update to version 1100.0.11
https://opensource.apple.com/tarballs/tapi/tapi-1100.0.11.tar.gz

tapi/Readme.md, after:

# TAPI

TAPI is a **T**ext-based **A**pplication **P**rogramming **I**nterface. It
replaces the Mach-O Dynamic Library Stub files in Apple's SDKs to reduce SDK
size even further.

The text-based dynamic library stub file format (.tbd) is a human readable and
editable YAML text file. The _TAPI_ projects uses the _LLVM_ YAML parser to read
those files and provides this functionality to the linker as a dynamic library.


## Building TAPI

TAPI is a _CLANG_ project and requires the _LLVM_ and _CLANG_ sources to
compile. This version is supported to build against <https://github.com/apple/llvm-project/tree/apple/stable/20190104>.
The source root directory should be placed along side _CLANG_ and _LLVM_ in project structure.

Create a separate build directory and configure the project with CMake:

    cmake -G Ninja -C <src_dir>/tapi/cmake/caches/apple-tapi.cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<install_dir> -DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS="clang;tapi" <src_dir>/llvm

The CMake cache file defines most of the settings for you, such as enabling LTO,
etc. It also specifies the distribution components to include all the files
needed for TAPI.

To build and install the _TAPI_ project invoke:

    ninja install-distribution

in the build directory.
